{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial Unicode MS;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial Unicode MS;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green34\blue34;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
}{\info{\author Deanna O'Neal}{\creatim\yr2016\mo7\dy2\hr12\min40}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Hi, I'm Megs! I first started designing and making felt food and toys for my niece and daughters in 2012, but I only recently decided to start selling them in January of 2016.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
My mother taught me to sew and hand stitch when I was little, and I always admired the felt items that my grandmother used to make. Around Christmas in 2012, I was trying to come up with a unique present for my niece, and I thought felt food would be perfect since she was getting a play kitchen from her parents. I continued making felt food and toys for my sweet niece who was the recipient of many of my first creations.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
As a stay a home mom, it was important to provide opportunities for my girls to use their imaginations. Imaginative play is such an important part of early learning. I wanted to help them grow their imaginations and thought play food would be a great way to do so, but I didn't like the plastic options for many reasons. As my girls got older, I gradually grew my collection by leaps and bounds because they would give me ideas based on what they would like to have. Little did I know my felt food creations would grow from a beloved hobby into a career venture!}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I officially started HeartFELT Creations by Megs in January 2016. I design every item myself and often get much of my inspiration from photos of actual food. I also enjoy doing custom projects, as they help me exercise my creativity. I love the unique ideas my customers come up with, and I end up creating items I wouldn't normally come up with on my own. Each piece is made of a polyester mix, craft grade felt. They are also hand-stitched by me.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
One of my favorite nonfood projects was an Easter stained glass window countdown calendar that I created for myself. When I first started the project, I was given a few odd looks when I described it. My friends and family weren't sure something like that could be created out of felt. Well, it can! And it looks amazing! I actually still have it hanging up in my basement because it's too pretty to pack away!}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Thank you for visiting my website and store! And thank you for buying handmade!}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Love,}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Megs}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
"Creativity is putting your imagination to work, and it's produced the most extraordinary results in human nature."}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf2\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ken Robinson}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }